Enumerating polycubes A chiral pentacube Like polyominoes, polycubes can be enumerated in two ways, depending on whether chiral pairs of polycubes (those equivalent by mirror reflection, but not by using only translations and rotations) are counted as one polycube or two. For example, 6 tetracubes are achiral and one is chiral, giving a count of 7 or 8 tetracubes respectively.[2] Unlike polyominoes, polycubes are usually counted with mirror pairs distinguished, because one cannot turn a polycube over to reflect it as one can a polyomino given three dimensions. In particular, the Soma cube uses both forms of the chiral tetracube. Polycubes are classified according to how many cubical cells they have:[3] n Name of n-polycube Number of one-sided n-polycubes (reflections counted as distinct) (sequence A000162 in the OEIS) Number of free n-polycubes (reflections counted together) (sequence A038119 in the OEIS) 1 monocube 1 1 2 dicube 1 1 3 tricube 2 2 4 tetracube 8 7 5 pentacube 29 23 6 hexacube 166 112 7 heptacube 1023 607 8 octacube 6922 3811 Fixed polycubes (both reflections and rotations counted as distinct (sequence A001931 in the OEIS)), one-sided polycubes, and free polycubes have been enumerated up to n=22. Specific families of polycubes have also been investigated.[4][5] Symmetries of polycubes As with polyominoes, polycubes may be classified according to how many symmetries they have. Polycube symmetries (conjugacy classes of subgroups of the achiral octahedral group) were first enumerated by W. F. Lunnon in 1972. Most polycubes are asymmetric, but many have more complex symmetry groups, all the way up to the full symmetry group of the cube with 48 elements. There are 33 different symmetry types that a polycube can have (including asymmetry).[2] Boundary connectivity Although the cubes of a polycube are required to be connected square-to-square, the squares of its boundary are not required to be connected edge-to-edge. For instance, the 26-cube formed by making a 3×3×3 grid of cubes and then removing the center cube is a valid polycube, in which the boundary of the interior void is not connected to the exterior boundary. It is also not required that the boundary of a polycube form a manifold. For instance, one of the pentacubes has two cubes that meet edge-to-edge, so that the edge between them is the side of four boundary squares. If a polycube has the additional property that its complement (the set of integer cubes that do not belong to the polycube) is connected by paths of cubes meeting square-to-square, then the boundary squares of the polycube are necessarily also connected by paths of squares meeting edge-to-edge.[12] That is, in this case the boundary forms a polyominoid. Unsolved problem in mathematics Can every polycube with a connected boundary be unfolded to a polyomino? If so, can every such polycube be unfolded to a polyomino that tiles the plane? More unsolved problems in mathematics Every k-cube with k < 7 as well as the Dalí cross (with k = 8) can be unfolded to a polyomino that tiles the plane. It is an open problem whether every polycube with a connected boundary can be unfolded to a polyomino, or whether this can always be done with the additional condition that the polyomino tiles the plane.[10] --- the Tetragramatron (OmicronNode '(OmiTextNode OmiLinkNode OmiGroupNode OmiGroupNode)) of the OmicronNode  (omi-(ip6 . (SharedArrayBuffer(128 * 8))) omi-(ip4 . (ArrayBuffer(32 * 8))) '((omi-(pos . open-class) . omi-(feature . lexical)) (omi-(pos - closed-class) . omi-(feature . inflection)) (omi-(pos . other) . omi-(feature . other))) enforces a dali cross structure as the Gnomon for the Layer 10 Megatron for the 7! = 5040 Unlike in three dimensions in which distances between vertices of a polycube with unit edges excludes √7 due to Legendre's three-square theorem, Lagrange's four-square theorem states that the analogue in four dimensions yields square roots of every natural number
